but most men are pretty hopeless went
newborn bundles arrived and there
they're so incredibly impressed by how
women appear to know what to do and then
they think well I'll go off and do extra
work and make some money and they just
fight in that way I've heard you say
this yeah obviously you're hearing me
say it again no but my point would be
that I think after the 70s that is
actually not true that may have been
true but I don't think that it's true
that men are so less capable of dealing
with children and that it's better they
go go off and earn money you know maybe
the mother could garner some money any
one of mine does work
you know you know they don't need to
work because they can if they like they
don't have to you are joking no no no
it's okay
look at you what they don't have to you
have the commander's son yes yes yeah
you really mean that
sure you don't think women should go and
work yeah I said think they're welcome
to do that I'm thrilled if they want you
if they don't want you there have to is
your famous attachment to irony what's
so difficult about it it's just wrong no
they're called the gentle sex for good
reasons wanna see them you want to see
them coarsened in their in their force
into the labor market every single
chance to opt out of that laughs let me
know that's my dinner I don't think that
mrs. Hitchens should have to work it's
been lovely to have you thank you so
much really
it's very nice if I may please a huge
thank you to the sexist for charming
[Applause]
that was s
a few men I knew maybe the only one who
had any sympathy for the tempestuous and
missus bobbitt because if you recall the
first German statement that she made
basically a poor woman fairly uneducated
an immigrant to this country not very
not very powerful
not very well plugged in nor free
well-connected I'm very unhappy and
lonely first day when she makes to the
police about the organ which she'd
separated from mr. Bob it was that while
it was attached to him it had been
pretty much no good to her that as she
put it he always finishes first and
never cares about me in other words it
wasn't that she felt threatened or
menaced by this settled and I will
coddled or brutalized but but sort of
let down by disappointed by I thought
what more men should have paid more
attention to that you're not wait the
way that no no she was in every sense
apathetic and probably quite a nasty
woman it seems to me but but as much be
pigeon as anything else the only way
that you can't get any sense out of this
discussion is if you assume that that
she was wrong to say that in other words
that women are asexual
which is the assumption made it seems to
me in a lot of the date-rape literature
and a lot of the Catherine MacKinnon and
Andrea Dworkin type commentary that
women are are basically not sexed and
this is where the reason why a lot of
men of use are driven to the right so to
speak the sexual right because they
always right I mean where is the central
right I mean is there hating women and
thinking that they'll plan to cut their
things off or the attacks on feminism
and all of that is that we're right here
and the boring and the boring endless of
Rush Limbaugh hype joking about it
that's catching on is that mental no
that that's not true and that it's
hypocritical and they know that women
would or they ought to know I would like
to argue anyway that women would be the
losers if the chaperone came back on
campus and sexual assault epidemic and
how do we acknowledge that fight it and
claim that women are sexual agents
sexually curious can be sexually
objectifying that we are not saying
snore should we have to be just before
we leave this Antioch thing because I
was as surprised as you were to
to read on the front of the old times
the words may I put my finger in I never
expect you to read that on the front of
the good old great times and I noticed
that it followed instantly it was there
was stage for after me I remove your
bust yeah no doubt they call it about
you I don't wait there's anyhow I
thought to myself there are at least
three things wrong with this one is from
the male point of view it's insulting
because you have to do all the work on
this assumption from the female what if
your fingers insulting was it means the
men also had to do all the talking and
third and let's see if we can say this
on the air or not it seemed to me that
it had and not accidentally it had
abolished the clitoris there was no
there was no it was the clitoris had
been alighted in this now I can't
believe that that's the next day because
if you mentioned that you mentioned that
women are in some sense keenly motivated
a sex themselves and that's the thing I
think Antioch is those reluctant to face
as the absolutely southern as me to say
a couple thing good
it seems to me was I'm not trying to be
gallant believe me Oh gallant it becomes
you a Christian as well he's getting on
you stupid and indeed my decade was as
must be only too painfully obvious the
sixties when when feminism began and I
remember being it for people around this
table I think it could be said that's
when it began here so you allowed my my
um please your point is yes what I
remember was violently resisting all of
us different ways the idea that the
university could be in loco parentis as
it wants to call it so the university
would play the role of your of your life
parents and if you had a beef against
another student of any kind it was
considered kind of babyish to want to go
to the dean the entire time and complain
about your feelings but now it seems to
me that not just on sexual matters but
on quite a lot of other things lumped
under the heading of correct attitude
everyone in the university seems to want
to have more authority over themselves
so we have more complaints procedures to
have more therapy and more litigation
and
would say for heaven's sake was enough
of all that in the wider society as it
is and you can't justify this by
reference to microorganisms I'm sorry to
say it's not viruses that are making
people behave this way it's it's a
regression to Infanta lism that's going
on and I think it's a real shame crying
so morally I thought she made that point
excellently in the book much more than
that terrifying they say so
you know I don't think I know any any
guy worthy of the name so to speak who
hasn't at one time what other in his
life said to another guy you've heard
her you heard the lady leave her alone
shut up move on you know I mean that's
part of what it it is to be a man is to
be able to do that therefore I think we
can I mention a piece over in since
everyone else is plugging this piece
coming up soon about the work of a
feminist author who isn't here but who I
admire very much called Elizabeth Fox
University and she's reviewed here in
2000 she says one of the reasons why so
many women are not described themselves
as feminists these days is because it's
not relevant to them because the
struggle for existence for women at the
moment is quite grim and it's usually
centered on very important fact of
bringing up children and not only can
you not get hold of a kid without a man
but you you very hard have a very hard
time bringing one up without a guy and
many of these women I think of the
working class so I can use another
phrase it's hardly ever heard on TV my
clitoris and penis and self working
working-class
they'd see the feminism is something
that maybe is bad-mouthing their
brothers and their husbands and their
fathers and other hard-working guys who
they know and just wait a few seconds
that that's the next thing that's going
to happen the infantilizing
infantilizing i was talking about yeah
he's gonna happen men will say what if
women can go to the dean if they feel
they've been felt up or whatever I'm
gonna start complaining - everyone's
gonna start man will want men will want
to share in the victimhood business it
will be unstoppable and completely very
boring does the victim business issue
that what I mean we this is a bad sense
of both the angelic and the demonic in
human nature and female nature's why
it was easy just beat as if I was a
category as you do and I can't say we
doing but I'm obviously in the country
with straight white male straight white
male person right it's why people start
talking about power about the power that
this gives me I begin to wonder if
slightly too much of a compliment isn't
being paid rather is when some women
talk about the penis is a sort of mighty
engine or cruise missile something you
think well I wonder where they get this
idea but I do think there is and the
reason why many I will speak for what I
think many male straight wipe types do
fear is that there is must be some
relationship between this empowerment
tool that they keep hearing and potency
there's gotta be some hidden subliminal
connection some latent connection
there's got to be the thing so they back
off a bit so if we began to say you know
someone said that that this whole thing
has two parts one women are saying I'm
gonna enjoy sex and I'm gonna enjoy sex
on my own terms I'm gonna make demands
and you're saying when that takes place
therefore it affects it goes to the
heart of male performance and the
temptation is then gonna be that of
self-pity you'll say well actually you
know I don't not all that powerful and
sometimes I don't feel that potent is
actually rather capricious vulnerable
and why are you both are sort of a
relish women and reveling in the fact
that he's talking about performance and
testosterone I'm sorry to say none of us
could be have to be can you'll probably
or indeed me it's a truism I'm making
animal rights point basically we are we
are an animal species we are programmed
to reproduce men particularly program to
inseminate they can't help it that's
just as well really because without
testosterone in erections and other
things that are sought
none of us would be here now I think
that rather has you've pulled me up by
saying them being there was feminism
before the 60s I'm quite ready to
acknowledge I think that point was
understood well Camille palea agree to
that an assault on their maleness and
manhood and that's where we need to go
and if that's true then we ought not
have this conflict that you talk about
their rage and saying it will be
confident need not be a war in other
words nature is dialectical right and if
you marry a man and a woman you don't
get a synthesis of male and female
unless you vet either born I come right
back to an engine and have it yield but
I was really gonna say that what I was
said about folks generation's point
about all the men that they have to be
in a woman's life apart from sexually
and the number of masculine roles that
men can play for women holds true
conversely I mean men have latronnik
girlfriend's who they like they have
mothers they have sisters daughters even
things like that their relationship with
women is always going to be extremely
complicated but you can't reduce it to a
conflict of interest see I think if
occasionally stupid word and I'm fed up
with it I think it's been overused like
empowerment when I look at that picture
if you want to hold it up again yeah
what I see there is not just a sexual
object though undoubtedly she is an
object everyone else's is an object to
everyone else yeah but I also see a
subject I mean it's a great subject sex
is a great subject right women are with
male conversation a tremendous subject
I'm told the same is true the other way
around people bit less about themselves
and how the personal is political in the
whole area of contestation is all to do
with their own psyche and their own
needs and threads and feelings now and a
bit more about society the others I
think we might get on a lot better such
a hard conflict to do for most of us
trust my god I sound old-fashioned I
mean and crusty to but just lightly used
to be an argument you know among
feminists but can it be true the story
of a was written by a woman you must
have will have someone who read it and
so I think it's very clear was written
by a woman but I think was written by a
woman with men and mine some women will
admit we might even ask you it since the
reading will hang out having rape
fantasies that aren't completely
pleasurable but that's up to them it
doesn't mean that this doesn't this
means that the
entitled to do that it may be pleasure
assign us to imagine being ravished no
that doesn't mean anyone has the right
to jump out while trying to get the
groceries home in Manhattan do you know
that part of the reason women have his
fantasies is that Hollywood puts a
glamour eyes sexy rape in one movie out
of eight so little girls grow up not
seeing images you know dissolve but I
have been told by women who trust me in
other ways yeah okay yeah they do and I
think it would be insulting to me to say
oh I see you have this fantasy you've
been watching too many movies that would
be a global thing there'll be very poor
reward for a woman revealing her
thoughts to win it excuse me being a
question I just think it's on the
subject you know there was an attractive
story about how they met which is told
by her we're just there in the library
mmm Law Library even she gets up and
walks over to this guy bill as it
happens and says if you're gonna keep
looking at me like that it's time you
knew my name well when you think of and
when you think of what you know it
should be that way what is now going on
in the libraries and campuses of this
country where men and women are so
sitting on opposite sides of the look at
each other
counterpoint to that which is which
offends a lot of civil libertarians of
all genders which is not the
redefinition of rape of the redefinition
of evidence and the idea also that you
can be accused by someone whose name you
don't know I think the anonymity of the
one who converse corresponds